README.md, before:

# React-Native-SnackBar-Component
A snackbar component for Android and iOS, customizable and simple.

## Looking for maintainers  
Due to my other commitments, I haven't been able to maintain this library properly for a while,
If you are interested in taking over the development of this library, raise a PR or email me at sid.swapnildevesh@gmail.com mentioning your interest. Thanks!

![Snackbar demo](https://media.giphy.com/media/zChTSWog7TNmM/giphy.gif)
![With fab](https://media.giphy.com/media/6oCCk98unakbC/giphy.gif)

See [Google Material Design](https://material.io/guidelines/components/snackbars-toasts.html) for more info on Snackbars.

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save react-native-snackbar-component
```

## Basic Usage

```javascript
import SnackBar from 'react-native-snackbar-component'
```

## Code

```js
<SnackBar visible={true} textMessage="Hello There!" actionHandler={()=>{console.log("snackbar button clicked!")}} actionText="let's go"/>
```
## Options
| Prop        | Type           | Effect  | Default Value |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| -----|
| visible | boolean | Show or hide the snackbar | none |
| textMessage | string | The main message text | none |
| actionHandler | function | Function to be called when button is pressed, if absent no action button is shown | none |
| actionText | message | The text of action button, will be uppercased automatically | none |
| backgroundColor | color | The background color of snackbar | #484848 |
| accentColor | color | The color of action button text | orange |
| messageColor | color | The color of main message text | #FFFFFF |
| distanceCallback | function | Function to be caled whenever snackbar moves in and out or changes layout, the function will be supplied a number indicating distance taken up by snackbar on bottom. | (distance) => {} |
| bottom | number | The starting bottom position of snackbar | 0 |
| position | string | The position of the snackbar: top, bottom | bottom |
| autoHidingTime | number | How many milliseconds the snackbar will be hidden | 0 (Do not hide automatically) |

## Note

* When visible prop is changed, the snackbar will be animated in/out of screen
* The snackbar will not auto-dismiss by itself, for auto-dismiss use setTimeout() and change value passed to prop to false. 
* This works great together with [react-native-fab](https://github.com/SiDevesh/React-Native-FAB). See [demo](https://github.com/SiDevesh/snackbar-and-fab-demo) for example and instructions how to.

Commit message:

Add example app, allow custom style on nodes, fix issue with transparent backgroundColor and other fixes

README.md, after:

# React-Native-SnackBar-Component
A snackbar component for Android and iOS, customizable and simple.

## Looking for maintainers  
Due to my other commitments, I haven't been able to maintain this library properly for a while,
If you are interested in taking over the development of this library, raise a PR or email me at sid.swapnildevesh@gmail.com mentioning your interest. Thanks!

![Snackbar demo](https://media.giphy.com/media/zChTSWog7TNmM/giphy.gif)
![With fab](https://media.giphy.com/media/6oCCk98unakbC/giphy.gif)

See [Google Material Design](https://material.io/guidelines/components/snackbars-toasts.html) for more info on Snackbars.

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save react-native-snackbar-component
```

## Basic Usage

```javascript
import SnackBar from 'react-native-snackbar-component'
```

## Code

```js
<SnackBar visible={true} textMessage="Hello There!" actionHandler={()=>{console.log("snackbar button clicked!")}} actionText="let's go"/>
```
## Options
| Prop        | Type           | Effect  | Default Value |
| ------------- |-------------| -----| -----|
| visible | boolean | Show or hide the snackbar | none |
| textMessage | string / function | The main message text, can also supply a function returning JSX to render custom message UI | none |
| actionHandler | function | Function to be called when button is pressed, if absent no action button is shown | none |
| actionText | message | The text of action button, will be uppercased automatically | none |
| backgroundColor | color | The background color of snackbar | #484848 |
| accentColor | color | The color of action button text | orange |
| messageColor | color | The color of main message text | #FFFFFF |
| distanceCallback | function | Function to be caled whenever snackbar moves in and out or changes layout, the function will be supplied a number indicating distance taken up by snackbar on bottom or top, based on position. | (distance) => {} |
| position | string | The position of the snackbar: top, bottom | bottom |
| top / bottom / left / right | number | Use these to position the snackbar | 0 |
| autoHidingTime | number | How many milliseconds the snackbar will be hidden | 0 (Do not hide automatically) |
| containerStyle | object | Override or add style to the root container View | {} |
| messageStyle | object | Override or add style to the message Text | {} |
| actionStyle | object | Override or add style to the action button Text | {} |

## Note

* When visible prop is changed, the snackbar will be animated in/out of screen
* The snackbar will not auto-dismiss by itself, for auto-dismiss use setTimeout() and change value passed to prop to false. 
* This works great together with [react-native-fab](https://github.com/SiDevesh/React-Native-FAB). See [demo](https://github.com/SiDevesh/snackbar-and-fab-demo) for example and instructions how to.
